Fix the source methods description (#3321)
conan-io/docs: reference/conanfile/methods.rst

- :doc:`requirements() <methods/requirements>`: Define the dependencies of the package
- :doc:`set_name() <methods/set_name>`: Dynamically define the name of a package
- :doc:`set_version() <methods/set_version>`: Dynamically define the version of a package.

> - :doc:`source() <methods/source>`: Contains the instrcutions to obtaince the source code used to build

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :doc:`source() <methods/source>`: Contains the commands to obtain the source code used to build
```
